thank you for coming it's great to have
you here it's lovely to be here well
let's say when you came out in this
beautiful suit I for a moment I thought
oh I oh I died and their angel the angel
has come to take me sort of spearmint
angel yes I hate to break it to you have
dice oh well and this is how it's gonna
go down
hey it could be worse than this that's
for sure you did you work today did you
shoot a show today we didn't shoot a
show I doing I've just started on it I'm
shooting a film at the minute so we're
not on our show today I'll be back on
the show Wednesday Thursday and then and
then we have guest hosts for a couple of
work very busy what film are you
shooting right now I'm about I've just
started a film called the prom it's a
musical written by it's prayer be
directed by Ryan Murphy else me Meryl
Streep Nicole Kidman or their angels
Kerry Washington yeah it's it's utterly
horrifying it's a terrifying what do you
play in this I play a character called
Barry who is a Broadway actor and who's
you know struggling with life at the
moment no yeah that's what it's about
but are you having trouble I feel very I
feel oddly terrified because I quite
well because I signed up to do it in
like February and then now and it's been
really exciting and Meryl Streep yeah
I'll give it and now I'm like I just
think what am i doing I already have a
job this I do this know how to do this
what am I doing this for what dear what
is the thing that's bothering you the
most about let's talk this through
well there's a lot I'm in lots of scenes
with Meryl Streep and that's always yeah
terrifying cuz you know I'm gonna have
to carry her in every scene
but my main worries it's the first time
I've ever done an American accent so I'm
playing an American and that is there
that's that's filling me with snow when
you say an American that is not a
preview that isn't a preview of your
American accent is it okay we need to
work on this you have like a coach an
accent coach I've got an accent coach
and that's wonderful but I would say my
best accent coach is actually my son my
eight-year-old son
Oh because he moved here to America
obviously with us he didn't move on his
own he did you say mama Jean I think
it's really when we moved he was three
when we moved and he has got this
incredible thing where he talks in a
British accent
with me and my wife and an American
accent with all of his buddies at school
and his teachers and between sentence to
sentence so he'll like go dad can we go
in the garden and I go yeah of course
buddy and he goes Carrie come on let's
go out in the yard not only does he have
an American actor he has a California
accent it sounds complete my daughter
who moved here when she's 12 weeks old
she's the most Californian she's like oh
my
let's gluten-free kids really invented
the juice cleanse this came in a little
box at that time
how long have you dude in the Late Late
Show now how many seasons we've been
we've been on the air four and a half
years yeah four and a half years yes you
and obviously everyone knows your
breakout I mean you do a lot more than
than just carpool karaoke but you had
you did an episode if you call it that
was Kanye West that's right not in a car
no we went in an airplane as an airplane
his entire choir and I am very curious
to know how that came to pass I'm
curious too because I've been in the mix
with Kanye and I know that that's some
time that things go according to Kanye's
plan now God's plan Kanye's plan complex
fellow well here's how it went we we had
this was actually the third time that we
had tried to do a sort of carpool
karaoke with Kanye the first time he
agreed and then he canceled a few days
later and you know that's a shame but
it's fine
the second time that Kanye canceled
carpool karaoke was so late in the day
that I was driving up his road in the
car with all the cameras and got this
phone call saying it's been canceled and
I literally I think I basically turned
around outside his house then he just he
sent me a text I think he might have
text you around the same time did he
send you a text saying I want to do
something with the choir on the show yes
yes that's exactly what I think I just
going through the Jays in his phone I
guess talk show it starts with Jay and
so yeah so he texts saying could we do a
carpool karaoke with the whole choir on
like a bus or a truck in LA and I said I
said yeah of course that'll be amazing
you know
that would be great yay and and and he
goes cool let's do it on Monday and I
was like well that's difficult because
we need to get a truck and like permits
logistics are not his thing to worry
about wire I think is a hundred and
fifty people as feels and it's the
Saturday afternoon right he goes no I
think Monday would be great I'm like
okay alright so I then set about it you
know I call Ben our producer I called
Robert Josie the people that work on the
show and we said about trying to make it
happen and then they're like Monday's
not gonna happen
that was on the Sunday Funday it's not
gonna happen Wednesday we're like okay
this we can do great we get permits we
do the thing all the stuff we're then
get trying to email people to find out
like times and logistics because
obviously that leaves you know we have a
show that night
uh-huh we nothing we're hearing nothing
from anyone Wednesday morning 11:00 a.m.
someone sends an email saying it's not
gonna happen today we were like this is
where he's brilliant he just thing goes
I wanted to on an aeroplane and we go
great yeah but you know why not let's do
on a spaceship its credit its credit he
comes through in the end gets the plane
even when I was driving there I was on
the phone to my dad telling my dad what
we're about to do and might have a site
this is incredible and I was like it
could be but I'm still even as I walked
onto the plane I thought at some point
someone's gonna go yeah no it's not
gonna happen today we're gonna do it
tomorrow
and there he was and I have to say of
all the things we've done on the show
and I consider so many things you've
done to a bit I've been an absolute
privilege like being on that plane
surrounded by that choir sitting with
him and he was in a great place and in
the best mood I will never ever forget
what that choir sounded like on that
aeroplane it was an astonishing thing
and I really thought this is a
once-in-a-lifetime thing that I'll never
ever be able to take I'll never ever
forget it it was an incredible moment
did you turn your life over to Jesus do
you know what I was close James Corden
is here he is in the movie cats you are
I ever still love you as one of the cats
and was it being honest was this a
nightmare to get under this hair and all
of this no no you're not this is all
computer-generated so every single piece
of fur is added by a computer and it's
technology that's never ever been used
in a film before I don't believe it is
your beard real this is real that's real
how much buzzer no which is which
well is that really all computers
everything so when you shoot a film all
you have you have a computer sort of
band around your head you have dots all
over your face and then I was in like a
huge sort of read because my cats look
very very fat cat and as you can tell
I'm incredibly in shape so they I was in
a big sort of round CGI suit that's also
covered in dots uh-huh and then under
that you have a suit with these
computers so sometimes there were like
50 people in a shot all being cats all
just with dots all over them and then
everything's being boomed beamed to 50
computers and then they add all the fur
that is the tail everything it's quite
extraordinary that they could do that it
seems like almost like you didn't even
need to be in the movie
in a way it's a weird the whole thing I
mean I have to say I had the as good at
sort of ten days workers I've ever
enjoyed like being with Tom Hooper and
everybody who directed the movie I I
just loved it but we had like one day
which was me Taylor Swift rebel Wilson
Idris Elba Sir Ian McKellen and Judi
Dench all shooting a scene together now
that in itself is quite extraordinary
here then when you add the layer of
everybody pretending to be a cat you
really can't help but feel you're on
some kind of hallucinogenic Joe where
you're like looking at Judi Dench and
she's like and you're like this is if
she doesn't usually do that really think
for a long time we being Punk'd is this
real may I ask you about another thing
yeah Gavin and Stacey this is the show
that you really made you famous in the
UK and that show went off the air in 1
2010 my friend Ruth Jones and I we wrote
the show yeah about 15 years ago so it
finished in 2010 and though you have a
reunion special that set your hair on
Christmas Day that's right and it's it's
you put it up it got like 3 million
views for the trailer immediately and
this is weird because it's something we
don't really know about here even though
we know you I know it's a well that's
what I'm a lot of America doesn't
understand is there's lots of other
countries
[Applause]
I sometimes have to remind the teachers
in my son's school we don't want to know
about your we've got a prime minister
he's an idiot you know are you going
home for the holidays yeah we'll be
coming back home for Christmas yes you
will be there for the bucket watch the
show yeah and if people hate it I'll get
out as soon as I can well it's great to
have you here James Corden everybody
goes Simon right back
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you